## Major-Version-Repositories (AUR)

This release adds separate deployments to major version repositories in the AUR.
What does it mean for you?

If you are using Arch Linux and pull this application from the AUR, you now have two options to install it:

- The latest (released) version `tiny4linux-gui` and `tiny4linux-cli`
- A specific major version `tiny4linux-gui-v2` and `tiny4linux-cli-v2`

Major updates usually contain great new features, but also breaking changes.
There could always be features missing, that you need and have integrated into your workflows.

### Example

You currently use the version fictitious version `42.6.9` of the CLI. You use the feature `t4l sleep` in an automated script.
Now there is an update to version `43.0.0` of the CLI, which for some reason renames the feature `t4l sleep` to `t4l sleep-time`. You use a package manager to update your system. That will break your automation, because of the breaking change.
If you want to avoid unexpected breakages, you can use the major version repository, in this case the fictitious `tiny4linux-cli-v42`. You would then have to manually replace the package by `tiny4linux-cli-v43`, as soon as you want to update.

### Planned Breaking Changes

In version 3 it is planned to add access to your file system to store user preferences and settings. It is not a direct breaking change, but it will be a major change, that you might not want.
The will also be a portable version, which won't write to your file system. But the main repo (`tiny4linux-gui`/`tiny4linux-cli`) will contain this change.
If you want to keep your app stable, you can now switch to the major version repository `tiny4linux-gui-v2`/`tiny4linux-cli-v2`.

## Further Changes

The changelog is now checked into this repository as code (#134).
